Tuymaada-Neft oil company is one of the main enterprises in the oil products market of The Republic of Sakha (Yakutia)
The main activity of the company is the sale of petroleum products in the Republic.
The company has an extensive and reliable distribution network.
Tuymaada-Neft oil company is the only company that imports petroleum products to the Republic along the Northern Sea Route.
Also the company imports petroleum products to the Republic by land, water and rail.
Each year the company supplies tens of thousands of tons to the arctic regions of the Republic.
The company has a huge experience of work in a short period of arctic navigation.
Petroleum products are always delivered in full and on time.
In 2017 the company built Railroad tank farm complex in the central part of the Republic.
The production capacity of the complex makes it possible to process two thousand tons of petroleum products per day.
This railroad tank farm complex allows the delivery of petroleum products regardless of the navigation period.
By connecting the railway with water transport in the middle reaches of the Lena River,
the company created an effective logistics scheme for providing petroleum products to all regions of Yakutia.
Today Tuymaada-Neft oil company has many plans and projects.
These are the construction of new objects,
increased profitability and expansion of the existing network of fuel stations,
further development and adjustment of a scheme to provide low-populated areas of the Republic,
the development of new activities.
Already today the company is conducting geological exploration for the extraction of hydrocarbons.
The mission of the company is uninterrupted supply of consumers of the Republic with high-quality and affordable fuel.
And for two decades Tuymaada-Neft oil company despite the difficulties successfully follows the chosen course.